---
date: 2016-07-08
layout: post
title: "The Challenge Weekend"
date: 2016-07-08
category: blog
tags:
 - canada
 - race
---

<!--start excerpt-->

Today sees the start of the final prep for the races on Sat and Sunday.

![Flo's own brand wheels](/images/2016/2016-07-08-the-challenge-weekend-1.jpg)
**Flo's own brand wheels**

{{ more }}
#### Friday ####
The challenge event is starting to feel a bit more real today as we opened
registration and the vendors set up their wares. Flo and I counted the barriers
at the swim and bike transition. Then when Garth was free we check out Bike
course especially the turn on to and off the highway, where we will be marshalling on the day.

Garth dropped us into town at the Honey Bee coffee shop where we chilled out 
before walking back to the Hotel

#### Saturday ####
Today was a busy day for Flo and I, we had an early call to say the water was
finally ready for collection, so after breakfast Flo and I drove to Saint
Stephen and collected the water and then delivered it back to Tressa mothers
house.

We grabbed a coffee in Kingsbrae Gardens, wandered down town where we had a
beer in the Red Herring, the back to Transition for back racking, and back to
Saint Stephens for the Subway Sandwiches.

Once things settled down a bit Garth finally took time to check out the swim
course, which look fab not a breath of wind and Peggy's cove was flat as a
mill pond.

#### Sunday Race Day ###

Race Day has finally arrived and the weather is miserable cool, wet and at 03:00
dark. We got roped into distributing the timing chips no problem except I
couldn,t read the numbers on the wrist bands but we managed ok as most of the
competitors where too nervous to notice my short comings.

At 06:30 we zoomed of to Tim Hortons for the volunteer coffee, getting back in
time to watch the swim start at 07:00 then on to the Highway to assume our
marshalling posts. 

I really enjoyed the bike leg of the race everyone was in good form in spite of
the nasty weather, and no crashes even with our turn being very tight.

Once we finished our marshalling we spent the rest of the day watching some of
the runners finish did some tiding up and went to the prize giving dinner which
also turned into a good evening.

![](/images/2016/2016-07-08-the-challenge-weekend-2.jpg)
**Helena, Garth, Tressa and Me**

#### Monday Clean up day and Volunteer night. ####

Walked around the Kingsbrae after the volunteer party, then down town and back
to the hotel where meet up with G & H for a chat and some chips.

